https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdSpk9GVC74	-	KOKYUHO against katadori attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XX4gzo14n14	-	soft throws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PVqgTNmIzQ	-	IRIMINAGE against shomen uchi striking attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8qYf6Kbt1s	-	NIKYO against shomen ate striking attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsBDgaDtTtM	-	SUWARI KOKYUHO (kokyu dosa)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpIIUqKCN0g	-	IAIDO, Japanese sword art, in several different kata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrASNrLi7uI	-	IKKYO against many different attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prlEUdv2lXE	-	JO 31 KATA  in four directions, staff exercise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWwsz-17tSU	-	KOTEGAESHI, wrist throw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7E_nJn8nu30	-	KOSHINAGE, hip throw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LPXiroJPCA	-	YONKYO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX-hGLuheDc	-	FUTARI DORI (ninin dori), two attackers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKuaa3oygTU	-	TANTO DORI, knife defense - SHIHONAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8RipNS85bQ	-	TANTO DORI, knife defense - KOTEGAESHI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xESnHOOP4M0	-	TANTO DORI, knife defense - SANKYO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyJT8v6gqSo	-	TANTO DORI, knife defense - IRIMINAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ca-j9lwYkFg	-	IRIMINAGE on aihanmi katatedori attack without gripping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jfj7Sj3MRo	-	KOKYUNAGE on aihanmi katatedori attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA0tbQ-eYUE	-	JODORI - kokyunage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwkYHAdEc2k	-	IKKYO on shomen ate strike attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpqBW9hjl0o	-	sword against sword - AIKIKEN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y64Vm13k1OU	-	jo (staff) against ken (sword) - AIKIBATTO JO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vatoPKHauUY	-	IAIDO, Japanese sword art, in closeups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61zICA1dA3I	-	IAIDO, Japanese sword art demonstration in Malmö, Sweden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gEUpMipl8Q	-	nice UKEMI, falling technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEZWojpNnao	-	Shoji Nishio sensei 1993 seminar in Malmö, Sweden 1 (5)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ia-t545xlbw	-	Shoji Nishio sensei 1993 seminar in Malmö, Sweden 2 (5)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL15DEJfWZ0	-	Shoji Nishio sensei 1993 seminar in Malmö, Sweden 3 (5)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ke_FW7WORg	-	Shoji Nishio sensei 1993 seminar in Malmö, Sweden 4 (5)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ChCVjqAvzw	-	Shoji Nishio sensei 1993 seminar in Malmö, Sweden 5 (5)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_UvwU1Ls4c	-	NIKYO on katadori, shoulder grip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a7fUgj2OfM	-	NIKYO on munedori, collar grip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdH6Xha74qs	-	IKKYO - suwariwaza, seated training
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jFjruF4Vh0	-	IKKYO - hanmi handachiwaza, seated against standing attacker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeeOqPO5X30	-	IKKYO - tantodori, knife defense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bn6p4EXQmkg	-	IKKYO - tachidori, defense against sword
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHTD94-Zto0	-	IKKYO - jodori, defense against jo (staff)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bysK87iVM1k	-	SANKYO - on aihanmi katatedori attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM6s6m7353Y	-	SANKYO - on gyakuhanmi katatedori attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBmU1DWp_Og	-	SANKYO - on yokomen uchi striking attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcC0DnasmrM	-	SANKYO - on shomen ate strike attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Q9V7v-qTeQ	-	Aikido class 1979 in Brandbergen, Sweden, with Stefan Stenudd at age 25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXFeqy9w2ok	-	Aikido and aikiken seminar class by Stefan Stenudd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFUAljTzWV4	-	taisabaki on sword attack, TACHI DORI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW_oQEiXgWQ	-	ATEMI - striking techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIvsCZE7xAw	-	IKKYO - against resistance and in henkawaza
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jS8sKUfTuI	-	Qi Chi energy exercise: Correcting shoulders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjkGfRMdkns	-	Qi Chi energy exercise: Pointing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeCAeA6l3mk	-	Aikido spirals - a seminar class by Stefan Stenudd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odOYHH0oxRA	-	hand movements in IKKYO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Nvb6aiVtt8	-	hand movements in IRIMINAGE and TENCHINAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imedsbqR5as	-	hand movements in KOKYUHO, KOKYUNAGE, and UDEKIMENAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Y2t9TdkFUg	-	hand movements in KOTEGAESHI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSDKBKUvNfg	-	hand movements in NIKYO, SANKYO, and YONKYO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1S9W9IQJkPg	-	hand movements in SHIHONAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2OuazI8JdI	-	blocks/parries against TSUKI, different strike attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f45BPi238r8	-	blocks/parries against different KICKS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY8xPVklX9I	-	techniques against front kick, MAEGERI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Adk_ReVucpA	-	IRIMINAGE on gyakuhanmi katatedori attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36p0jq43buE	-	IRIMINAGE on a shomen ate striking attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-zs8ZRbKEw	-	SUWARI KOKYU HO (kokyu dosa)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN4d54MN4fg	-	aikiken, duo sword exercise, harai yokomen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d4qYsvCVCM	-	aikijo, jo (staff) against ken (sword) exercise 1 (of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hos-gRqHUxQ	-	aikijo, jo (staff) against ken (sword) exercise 2 (of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkHDcImZfTg	-	aikijo, jo (staff) against ken (sword) exercise 3 (of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmUg0Oc4h1g	-	Iaido - basic mae kata form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk8ekUdXu-Y	-	Iaido - a variation of the mae kata form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjU2eBY0Srk	-	IAIDO, Japanese sword art - ZNKR Seitei Iai kata, all 12 forms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJPdv-GFdoI	-	AIKIBATTO, ten sword duo exercises for aikido students
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNhRAvrMtPk	-	techniques against two attackers, FUTARIDORI (ninindori)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMS8NIquL4Q	-	techniques on double shoulder grip attacks, RYO KATADORI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3Kd6YyudYU	-	techniques on strike attacks, TSUKI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foYmXxlXEw8	-	techniques on attacks from behind, USHIRO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LldFvhtmRY	-	Aikibatto duo sword exercise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ogntnap_ZY	-	Aikibatto, solo iai sword exercise with katana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eSbl-pX4xQ	-	Aikido demonstration by Stefan Stenudd at the Swedish national aikido seminar 2002
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVubm1dJ9os	-	throw UDEKIMENAGE on morotedori (katate ryotedori)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24ZOGYMokhM	-	henkawaza - iriminage when uke is resisting shihonage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPMnFU3HDMw	-	NIKYO OSAE (pinning) and KOKYUHO (throw) considerations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HemJ7yqkSuo	-	Aikido demonstration 2002 in Malmö, Sweden: Jonas Dahlqvist and Tomas Ohlsson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lY2t1Gi_gIY	-	Aikibatto Jo - staff against sword exercises for aikido students
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsO3skBwb6g	-	Glimpses from the Plzen 2015 aikido seminar with Stefan Stenudd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z72yWptMKpA	-	Stefan Stenudd demo at the 50 years celebration of Swedish aikido
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNktBj2hW88	-	KOKYUHO (Sokumen iriminage) by Stefan Stenudd, 7 dan Aikikai shihan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrxY8NJnUbw	-	SHIHONAGE on basic attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZpPUhXx8Nc	-	IRIMINAGE against grip and strike attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sC2I9Iotiu4	-	KOTEGAESHI against grip and strike attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nF7cxegO-oo	-	YONKYO against grip and strike attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79L8tJpM7Mc	-	TENCHINAGE against grip and strike attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBQNjmFHUtQ	-	Counter techniques, KAESHI WAZA, against aikido techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p04rz0WBEQw	-	techniques against jo (staff) attacks, JO DORI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRJNv2fdxCc	-	NIKYO against grip and strike attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMjZYrWXMc4	-	KOKYUNAGE against grip and strike attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyGUMyP67Oo	-	AIKI (joining energies) applications in aikido
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lxl_Vuntt_o	-	My shortest aikido demo ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xb3W4Ky9_I	-	SUWARI KOKYUHO (kokyu dosa)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uR0Qg8GAaFA	-	IKKYO and AIKI KEN, sword applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLD_vNe-jAA	-	AIKIBATTO, ten duo sword exercises for aikido students
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH7kwai40Yg	-	AIKI KEN, aikido sword: basic irimi (entering) exercises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsYhJcDMEN0	-	My 100th video: 45 years of aikido
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_Zcb13Vwz4	-	Centering in aikido
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m_h8tUS9Y0	-	TANTO DORI, knife defense, chudan tsuki KOTEGAESHI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTYiovXrtzA	-	techniques on USHIRO, grips from behind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dD8e-Y-nHbk	-	KEN SUBURI, basic solo sword exercises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpLF2CZjaPY	-	SANKYO on strike and grip attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIyd47NpVkE	-	HENKA WAZA, changing techniques
